README.md, before:

<p id="readme-top"></p>

[![License Shield](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing.svg?style=for-the-badge)](./LICENSE) [![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing/graphs/contributors) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing/issues) [![KanBan Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kanban_Board-555555?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/users/Mateo-Wallace/projects/4/views/1)

# US Postal & Printing

## Description

ShoCase™ is a full stack web application that serves as a social media platform for sharing anime reccomendations through a playlist format. The user is able to make playlists of 4 animes, comment on other users playlists, and save playlists within their liked page. For more information check out the [PowerPoint](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Us7_Q01uOFhasWDNHokqUsz2VRzwK0pvtdRSPxGRj1I/edit#slide=id.g29f43f0a72_0_24).

The project utilizes an Express backend, RESTFUL api, mySQL database, and a third party API.

While building this project we learned to:
- Make various calls to a database model and serve them to the front end
- Utilize handlebars to display multiple unique pages for our app
- Create Models, associate them too each other, and seed those Models with data
- Organize third party API responses into a request body in order to store that information in our database

### Built With

[![Express Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)](http://expressjs.com/) [![Sequelize Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sequelize&logoColor=white)](https://sequelize.org/) [![mySQL Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/mySQL-4479A1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/) [![Heroku Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?&style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)](https://www.heroku.com/what) [![Handlebars Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Handlebars-E34F26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=handlebars.js&logoColor=white)](https://handlebarsjs.com/) [![Materialize Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Materialize_CSS-eb7374?&style=for-the-badge&logo=matomo&logoColor=white)](https://materializecss.com/) [![Node.js Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en/) [![JavaScript Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=272727)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) [![HTML Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5) [![CSS Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact & Contributors](#contact-and-contributors)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Installation

ShoCase™ is a deployed web application. Most users must simply navigate to [shocase.herokuapp.com/](https://shocase.herokuapp.com/)

![example deployed site](./public/images/shocase.png)

Should you wish to download the project locally you must:

1. Open your terminal and clone the repo
    ```
    SSH:
    git clone git@github.com:Bfunk54/ShoCase.git

    HTTPS:
    git clone https://github.com/Bfunk54/ShoCase.git
    ```
2. Install NPM packages
    ```
    npm i
    ```
3. Create a `.env` and input
    ```
    DB_NAME= 'shocase_db'
    DB_USER= 'YOUR-USER-NAME'
    DB_PASSWORD= 'YOUR-PASSWORD'
    ```
4. Run the `schema` housed within the db folder

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

When navigating to the homepage you will be greeted with all playlists other users have made. Before being able to interact you must first either `Login` or `Signup`. In order to do this click on the hamburger icon within the Nav Bar. You will be redirected to the login page.

![example login page](./public/images/website_login.png)

Once logged in you can finally interact with our page! To list a few functions of our webstie, you can:

- Search for a specific playlist using the `search bar` at the top of the screen
- Create a new playlist using the `+` button at the top of the screen
- Like a playlist by clicking the `Like Button` and unlike by clicking the `Unlike Button`
- Select a playlist by clicking on its title to be brought to a `Comments` page where you can view other comments and create comments of your own
- View all of your created playlists by opening the navbar and selecting `Profile`
- View all playlists you have liked by opening the navbar and selecting `Likes`
- `Update` and `Delete` your playlists once you are on your Profile

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make the repo better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement". Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contact And Contributors

For any further questions feel free to contact us via:

- Project Link: [github.com/Bfunk54/ShoCase](https://github.com/Bfunk54/ShoCase)

- Mateo Wallace - [GitHub](https://github.com/Mateo-Wallace) - [Email](mailto:mateo.t.wallace@gmail.com) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateo-wallace-57931b254/)

- Dylan Crowley - [GitHub](https://github.com/dcrowdev) - [Email](mailto:dcrowdev1025@gmail.com) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dylan-crowley-3974b8252/)

- Benjamin Fein - [GitHub](https://github.com/Bfunk54) - [Email](mailto:#) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjamin-fein-5a73b2242/)

- Mary Elenius - [GitHub](https://github.com/404pandas) - [Email](mailto:#) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mary-elenius-256212151/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to these resources. You have proven invaluable to creating this project:

- [Jikan API](https://jikan.moe/)

- [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/)

**Fair Use**

_Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976 allows fair use of copyrighted material for purposes such as "teaching... or research._

_Fair use allows limited use of copyrighted material without requiring permission from the rights holders. It provides for the legal, non-licensed citation or incorporation of copyrighted material in another author's work under a four-factor balancing test. To find out more information about the Fair Use Act, please click [here](https://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap1.html#107)._

_For information on each resource used on this project, please click the resource name below._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

added todo section for future reference

README.md, after:

## TODO

- [ ] Delete TODO section
- [ ] Edit link to powerpoint in description
- [ ] Add link to deployed site in installation
- [ ] Add links to all contributors social media
- [ ] Add screenshot examples of deployed application

<p id="readme-top"></p>

[![License Shield](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing.svg?style=for-the-badge)](./LICENSE) [![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing/graphs/contributors) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Mateo-Wallace/US-Postal-Printing/issues) [![KanBan Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kanban_Board-555555?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/users/Mateo-Wallace/projects/4/views/1)

# US Postal & Printing

## Description

ShoCase™ is a full stack web application that serves as a social media platform for sharing anime reccomendations through a playlist format. The user is able to make playlists of 4 animes, comment on other users playlists, and save playlists within their liked page. For more information check out the [PowerPoint](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Us7_Q01uOFhasWDNHokqUsz2VRzwK0pvtdRSPxGRj1I/edit#slide=id.g29f43f0a72_0_24).

The project utilizes an Express backend, RESTFUL api, mySQL database, and a third party API.

While building this project we learned to:
- Make various calls to a database model and serve them to the front end
- Utilize handlebars to display multiple unique pages for our app
- Create Models, associate them too each other, and seed those Models with data
- Organize third party API responses into a request body in order to store that information in our database

### Built With

[![Express Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)](http://expressjs.com/) [![Sequelize Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sequelize&logoColor=white)](https://sequelize.org/) [![mySQL Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/mySQL-4479A1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/) [![Heroku Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?&style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)](https://www.heroku.com/what) [![Handlebars Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Handlebars-E34F26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=handlebars.js&logoColor=white)](https://handlebarsjs.com/) [![Materialize Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Materialize_CSS-eb7374?&style=for-the-badge&logo=matomo&logoColor=white)](https://materializecss.com/) [![Node.js Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en/) [![JavaScript Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=272727)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) [![HTML Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5) [![CSS Shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact & Contributors](#contact-and-contributors)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Installation

ShoCase™ is a deployed web application. Most users must simply navigate to [shocase.herokuapp.com/](https://shocase.herokuapp.com/)

![example deployed site](./public/images/shocase.png)

Should you wish to download the project locally you must:

1. Open your terminal and clone the repo
    ```
    SSH:
    git clone git@github.com:Bfunk54/ShoCase.git

    HTTPS:
    git clone https://github.com/Bfunk54/ShoCase.git
    ```
2. Install NPM packages
    ```
    npm i
    ```
3. Create a `.env` and input
    ```
    DB_NAME= 'shocase_db'
    DB_USER= 'YOUR-USER-NAME'
    DB_PASSWORD= 'YOUR-PASSWORD'
    ```
4. Run the `schema` housed within the db folder

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

When navigating to the homepage you will be greeted with all playlists other users have made. Before being able to interact you must first either `Login` or `Signup`. In order to do this click on the hamburger icon within the Nav Bar. You will be redirected to the login page.

![example login page](./public/images/website_login.png)

Once logged in you can finally interact with our page! To list a few functions of our webstie, you can:

- Search for a specific playlist using the `search bar` at the top of the screen
- Create a new playlist using the `+` button at the top of the screen
- Like a playlist by clicking the `Like Button` and unlike by clicking the `Unlike Button`
- Select a playlist by clicking on its title to be brought to a `Comments` page where you can view other comments and create comments of your own
- View all of your created playlists by opening the navbar and selecting `Profile`
- View all playlists you have liked by opening the navbar and selecting `Likes`
- `Update` and `Delete` your playlists once you are on your Profile

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make the repo better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement". Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contact And Contributors

For any further questions feel free to contact us via:

- Project Link: [github.com/Bfunk54/ShoCase](https://github.com/Bfunk54/ShoCase)

- Mateo Wallace - [GitHub](https://github.com/Mateo-Wallace) - [Email](mailto:mateo.t.wallace@gmail.com) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateo-wallace-57931b254/)

- Dylan Crowley - [GitHub](https://github.com/dcrowdev) - [Email](mailto:dcrowdev1025@gmail.com) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dylan-crowley-3974b8252/)

- Benjamin Fein - [GitHub](https://github.com/Bfunk54) - [Email](mailto:#) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjamin-fein-5a73b2242/)

- Mary Elenius - [GitHub](https://github.com/404pandas) - [Email](mailto:#) - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mary-elenius-256212151/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to these resources. You have proven invaluable to creating this project:

- [Jikan API](https://jikan.moe/)

- [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/)

**Fair Use**

_Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976 allows fair use of copyrighted material for purposes such as "teaching... or research._

_Fair use allows limited use of copyrighted material without requiring permission from the rights holders. It provides for the legal, non-licensed citation or incorporation of copyrighted material in another author's work under a four-factor balancing test. To find out more information about the Fair Use Act, please click [here](https://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap1.html#107)._

_For information on each resource used on this project, please click the resource name below._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
